Anyways, 2nd sem is around the corner, and you're probably checking how he is. Well get ready for the course, and don't trust anyone's words on this course being doable, you are going to suffer. Both calc and physics from I was a A student, but this course, was a nightmare. Anyways, mentally prepare to struggle, you will suffer a lot. TAs suck btw.
I'd rather listen to KSI for the rest of my life than take this course again.
before every class, I prayed for de-ath cause it is better than his lectures.
Harsh due dates for assignments (Assigned work over a reading week) - Submitted final grades four days late - Condescending replies to students on course Slack channel - Put a question on the exam that he never demonstrated how to solve in class, expecting us to know how to do it. - Avoid at all costs, he will make your semester miserable.
Worst class I have ever taken, everything about this class sucked. The material was overly complicated. Doesn't help the professor has been just the worst at explaining it. Assignments are due at 5:00 for absolutely zero reason, WHY?! Make them due at a normal time, its all digital anyway. Also the exam is like half your grade, for whatever reason.
i thought this guy was gonna spread my legs like butter and do unspeakable things to me but i've come to realize that he hasn't even update the marks in on time
This course was a nightmare from the start. Day one walking into class and the professor fantasizing about using Linux. Now we're here all waiting for our marks to be released and NOTHING. All the grades are out but NO ONE in the class has gotten their marks back for this class. Fire the PROF and his little minions.
His teaching style just didn't work for me. I wasn't able to understand a single concept the taught in class because it was taught in a way I cant understand. I always felt like I was behind in terms of preq I need for that class. He is a prof that cares, and will explain things if you ask him. But I cant learn the MATH with python, its too much.
The issue's the whole course not just Veen. TAs Basak, Cora, Ethan act rude on the course slack channel. Now they made it a big deal to force us to print student IDs for the exam when the school only provides digital ones, why is our time being wasted? Many like me need creds to print so many exam notes, ID, etc. Nothing I enjoyed about this course
Lennaert and his TAs are rude and unprofessional. Worse, the grading is extremely tough especially over extremely trivial matters (15% of marks for submitting LaTeX files which just produce PDFs, for example) Class average for assignments started at around 20%, but he's very graciously managed to get the average up to 50%. Avoid at all costs.
